[DX-1123] Updated analytics pages and middleware (#4177)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/product-stack/tyk-dashboard/advanced-configurations/analytics/activity-by-endpoint.md

 - `enabled`: enable the middleware for the endpoint

For example:
```.json {hl_lines=["39-41"],linenos=true, linenostart=1}
{
    "components": {},
    "info": {
        "title": "example-track-endpoint",
        "version": "1.0.0"
    },
    "openapi": "3.0.3",
    "paths": {
        "/anything": {
            "get": {
                "operationId": "anythingget",
                "responses": {
                    "200": {
                        "description": ""
                    }
                }
            }
        }
    },
    "x-tyk-api-gateway": {
        "info": {
            "name": "example-track-endpoint",
            "state": {
                "active": true
            }
        },
        "upstream": {
            "url": "http://httpbin.org/"
        },
        "server": {
            "listenPath": {
                "value": "/example-track-endpoint/",
                "strip": true
            }
        },
        "middleware": {
            "operations": {
                "anythingget": {
                    "trackEndpoint": {
                        "enabled": true
                    }               
                }
            }
        }
    }
}
```

> In this example the track endpoint middleware has been configured for HTTP `GET` requests to the `/anything` endpoint. Any such calls will appear in the Endpoint Popularity analytics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example the track endpoint middleware has been configured for HTTP `GET` requests to the `/anything` endpoint. These requests will appear in the Endpoint Popularity analytics within the Dashboard.
```

The configuration above is a complete and valid Tyk OAS API Definition that you can import into Tyk to try out the track endpoint middleware.

#### Configuring the middleware in the API Designer
Adding the track endpoint middleware to your API endpoints is easy when using the API Designer in the Tyk Dashboard, simply follow the steps taken in this short video:

>  < placeholder for video >

Reviewer: Remember to add placeholder video

> ### Selecting Tyk Classic APIs endpoints to be tracked 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Selecting Tyk Classic API endpoints to be tracked 
```

If you are working with Tyk Classic APIs then you must add a new `track_endpoints` object to the `extended_paths` section of your API definition.

The `track_endpoints` object has the following configuration:
 - `path`: the path to match on
 - `method`: this method to match on

For example:
```.json  {linenos=true, linenostart=1}
{
    "extended_paths": {
        "track_endpoints": [
            {
                "disabled": false,
                "path": "/anything",
                "method": "GET",
            }
        ]
    }
}
```

> In this example the track endpoint middleware has been configured for HTTP `GET` requests to the `/anything` endpoint. Any such calls will appear in the Endpoint Popularity analytics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example the track endpoint middleware has been configured for HTTP `GET` requests to the `/anything` endpoint. These requests will appear in the Endpoint Popularity analytics area in the Dashboard.
```

#### Configuring the middleware in the API Designer
You can use the API Designer in the Tyk Dashboard to configure the track endpoint middleware for your Tyk Classic API by following these steps.

> #### Step 1: Add an endpoint for the path and select the plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Step 1: Add an endpoint for the path and select the plugin
```

From the **Endpoint Designer** add an endpoint that matches the path for which you want to allow access. Select the **Track endpoint** plugin.

{{< img src="img/dashboard/analytics/classic_track_endpoint.png" alt="Select the middleware" >}}

> #### Step 2: Save the API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Step 2: Save the API
```
